# EFI.ASUS.MAXIMUS.Hero.XI.ROG.WIFI.Saphhire.RX580.8GB.Crucical.64GB.DDR4.NATIVE.INTEL.WIFI.BLUETOOTH

 I am self-taught, and curious in nature. To me this was a puzzle. All files found here are not mine, I am only sharing what works for me. All files are in Github or in public domain to my understanding. The files within are based on the work of all Hackintosh developers that make these files. Through their own blood, sweat, and tears surely. They are the true heroes. The samurai of the kexts, and much much more. I take no credit besides having strength in pattern recognition and understanding troubleshooting from my electrical background. This along with my understanding of technical specifications and applying them to practical use. Thank you for all your efforts, truly.
 
The only thing for me that doesn't work is airdropping to my wife's mac mini due to distance from the adaptor, apple watch syncs for unlocking but doesn't appear to work to actually unlock it( Troubleshot all guides. Deleted all auto-unlock files and those under ~/Library/Sharing/AutoUnlock with no luck). (Working on replacing the native wireless adaptor that comes with this motherboard to test if that improves things. Original came with the motherboard was damaged). Some things may be buggy as mentioned above. I will update this as it works for me. The airportwtlm.kext is from the aplha source code on github "AirportItlwm-Sonoma-v2.3.0-DEBUG-alpha-ff1138b" from the crew that Dortania's guide points to. Read all warnings.  

This upload spot will be my mirror of those actions as their projects progress into the future, reflected on my hardware; as long as macOS remains supported on intel hardware. I hope this helps. This is merely what works for my setup, use it at your own risk. I am not responsible if you break something. You've been warned. Read the guides well. I am quite pleased after days, I found the right combination for this hardware on Sonoma. Enjoy!

